#Instructions to install a desktop icon

= Introduction =

The following assumes that the Decaf archive was unzipped in your home
directory.  If this is not the case, you can either move the Decaf root
directory from where it is to your home directory - or change the path
in the following instructions to that at which Decaf is located.  Keep
in mind that if the Decaf root directory is not in your home directory,
some of the following steps may need to be done by root.

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

Note: the next step creates a startup script for Decaf with speech.
If speech is not desired, replace "DecafSpeech.jar" with "Decaf.jar".

Using a text editor or word processor, create the following script:

#!/bin/bash
# Decaf startup-sript
cd ~/Decaf
java -jar DecafSpeech.jar &
exit 0

Save the script as ~/Decaf/Decaf.

The following steps create a desktop icon to run Decaf in a KDE desktop
environment.

 1. Right-click on an empty spot on the desktop and select
    "Create New->Link to Application...". A window with several tabs appears.
 2. Click on the icon image in the upper left corner (under the "General" tab).
    The "Select Icon" window opens.
 3. Select "Other icons".
 4. Click "Browse" and browse to "~/Decaf/Resources/".
 5. Type "DECAF.BMP" in the "Location:" field.
 6. Click "Open".
 7. In the General tab, replace the text "Link to Application" with "Decaf"
 8. Open the "Application" tab.
 9. In the "Command" field, enter: "sh ~/Decaf/Decaf".
10. Click "OK".

You should now have a Decaf icon on your desktop - click it to start Decaf.